# Feb 9th, Tuesday, 2021
Radiomics = Genomics
Radiomic data has the potential to uncover disease characteristics that fail to be appreciated by the naked eye.
Logistic Regression + L1/L2 regulirization = elasticNet

1  thickness images: 9x31x25
2  texture image with sigmented mask: 31xSegHx512
3  some features:
   GLCM: is a direction x n x n matrix, where n is the number of gray levels,
   Gray Level Run Length Matrix (GLRLM):  a matrix of direction x n x Length, where n is the number of gray levels.
   Gray Level Size Zone Matrix (GLSZM):   a matrix of n x maxZoneSize, where n is the number of gray levels.
   Gray Level Dependece Matrix (GLDM):    a matrix of n x maxDepenceNum, where n is the number of gray levels.
   Neighboring Gray Tone Difference Matrix (NGTDM):  a matrix of nx4, where n is the number of gray levels.


4  radiomics feature extracion at whole dataset;
5  use elasticNet for feature selection at whole dataset;
6  use 10-fold crossing-validation to measure performance;


Notes:
GLCM: The function creates a gray-level co-occurrence matrix (GLCM) by calculating how often a pixel with the intensity
      (gray-level) value i occurs in a specific spatial relationship to a pixel with the value j.

Questions:
1  which texture image as input for radiomics feature extraction:
   A. enface image of 9x31x512: the pixel resolution of H and W has 11.3 times difference; It has layer information.
   B. original OCT image of 31x496x512 with segmented OCT layers:
      B1. if we choose the whole segmented retina layer, we may has not the layer information for different layers.
      B2. if we want to preserve the segmented layer information, how do we do?
   C. enface image of 9x31x25:  the pixel resolution of H and W are same, but texture image is blurry.

   An initial try: use the middle B-scan of 496x512 with segmented retina mask.
       pros: the best pixel resolution gives the best information for texture.
       cons: it ignored other B-scans.
   Our previous experiment showed that thickness information is not powerful enough to predict hypertension.
   If OCT image had the prediction capability of hypertension, the not powerful above may implies that the transform
   from OCT to thickness losses some more powerful information. Therefore, we hope the clearer texture information may help.
